# Apriori Algorithm Implementation

This repository contains an implementation of the Apriori algorithm using the `apyori` library in Python. The Apriori algorithm is a popular algorithm for discovering frequent itemsets in transactional databases, which is commonly used for market basket analysis.

## Introduction

The Apriori algorithm is a data mining algorithm used for discovering patterns in large datasets. It works by identifying frequent itemsets and generating association rules based on these frequent itemsets. This implementation utilizes the `apyori` library to perform Apriori analysis on a given dataset.

## Requirements

- Python 3.x
- `apyori` library (install using `pip install apyori`)

## Usage

1. Clone the repository:

    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/DevanshL/Machine-Learning.git
    cd Apriori
    ```

2. Run the Apriori algorithm:

    ```python
    from apyori import apriori

    # Your dataset and Apriori parameters go here

    rules = apriori(transactions=your_transactions, min_support=your_min_support, min_confidence=your_min_confidence, min_lift=your_min_lift, min_length=your_min_length, max_length=your_max_length)
    ```

3. Explore the generated association rules and analyze the results.

## Parameters

- `min_support`: Minimum support threshold for itemsets.
- `min_confidence`: Minimum confidence threshold for association rules.
- `min_lift`: Minimum lift threshold for association rules.
- `min_length`: Minimum number of items in an itemset.
- `max_length`: Maximum number of items in an itemset.

## Results

The association rules generated by the Apriori algorithm will be available in the `rules` variable. These rules can be further analyzed and interpreted based on the specified parameters.
